c:\users\test\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\MVCUI.dll
c:\users\test\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\MVCUI.pdb
c:\users\test\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\test\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\test\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\test\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\test\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\test\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\test\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\test\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\test\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\test\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\test\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\test\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\test\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\test\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\test\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\test\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\test\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\test\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\test\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\test\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\test\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\test\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\test\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\test\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\test\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\test\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\test\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\obj\Debug\MVCUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\test\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\obj\Debug\MVCUI.dll
c:\users\test\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\obj\Debug\MVCUI.pdb
c:\users\test\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\test\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\test\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
C:\Users\test\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\DTOLayer.dll
C:\Users\test\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\DTOLayer.pdb
C:\Users\sfa\Desktop\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\MVCUI.dll
C:\Users\sfa\Desktop\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\MVCUI.pdb
C:\Users\sfa\Desktop\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\sfa\Desktop\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\DTOLayer.dll
C:\Users\sfa\Desktop\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\sfa\Desktop\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\sfa\Desktop\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\sfa\Desktop\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\sfa\Desktop\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\sfa\Desktop\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\sfa\Desktop\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\sfa\Desktop\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\sfa\Desktop\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\sfa\Desktop\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\sfa\Desktop\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\sfa\Desktop\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\sfa\Desktop\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\sfa\Desktop\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\DTOLayer.pdb
C:\Users\sfa\Desktop\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\sfa\Desktop\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\sfa\Desktop\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
C:\Users\sfa\Desktop\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\sfa\Desktop\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\sfa\Desktop\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\sfa\Desktop\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\sfa\Desktop\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\sfa\Desktop\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\sfa\Desktop\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\obj\Debug\MVCUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\sfa\Desktop\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\obj\Debug\MVCUI.dll
C:\Users\sfa\Desktop\Projects\BitirmeProjesi\MVCUI\obj\Debug\MVCUI.pdb
